No, let him go back
Ok Mr. Su
Vice President, uh, our President Su is busy
I'm not free to see you for now.
Mr. Su, you can't enter
Zhou Ke, go out first
What is the vice president here for this time?
I'm here for revival
The vice president doesn't know
Fuxing is no longer an employee of my company
If you want to see him, you'll have to find another way
Instead of coming to me
I have a meeting to attend
I won't chat with you
Father is indeed no ordinary person
He is the president of the re-examination
My cousin
Renaissance is the president of the re-examination
Your cousin
The father did have a purpose in concealing his identity and approaching you
But he's fulfilling a promise you made when you were young
You saved him
Promise never to abandon him
He is for this sentence
I've been looking for you for 10 years
I've been waiting for you for 10 years
Brother, don't worry.
Sister will never abandon you
That's him!